# PolyForm Noncommercial License 1.0.0

<https://polyformproject.org/licenses/noncommercial/1.0.0>

## Acceptance

By using the software, you agree to all of the terms and conditions below.

## Copyright License

The licensor grants you a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide,
without right of sublicense, license to use, copy, distribute, make
available, and prepare derivative works of the software, for any
purpose other than a commercial purpose.

## Notices

You must ensure that anyone who gets a copy of any part of the
software from you, with or without changes, also gets a copy of these
terms.

If you modify the software, you must include in any modified copies of
the software prominent notices stating that you have modified the
software.

## Commercial Purpose

A commercial purpose is any use, activity, or purpose intended to, or
that results in, sale, distribution, or provision of goods or services
for commercial advantage or monetary or other commercial compensation.

## Excuse

You are excused for failure to comply with any condition of this
license if you cease all use, distribution, and development of the
software within 30 days of becoming aware of your failure.

## Patent License

The licensor grants you a license, under any patent claims the licensor
can license, or becomes able to license, to make, have made, use, sell,
offer for sale, import and have imported the software, in each case
subject to the terms of this license. This license does not cover any
patent claims that you cause to be infringed by modifications or
additions to the software. If you or your company make any written
claim that the software infringes or contributes to infringement of any
patent, your patent license for the software granted under these terms
ends immediately. If your company makes such a claim, your patent
license ends immediately for work on behalf of your company.

## Reliability

The software is provided "as is" and the licensor disclaims all
warranties and conditions, express, implied, statutory, or otherwise,
including without limitation warranties or conditions of
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, satisfactory
quality, correspondence with description, and non-infringement. In no
event will the licensor be liable to you for damages, including any
general, special, incidental, or consequential damages arising out of
the use or inability to use the software (including but not limited to
loss of data or data being rendered inaccurate or losses sustained by
you or third parties or a failure of the software to operate with any
other software), even if the licensor has been advised of the
possibility of such damages.

## Definitions

**Licensor** means the individual or entity offering these terms, and
the software is the software the licensor makes available under these
terms, including any portion of the software.

**You** refers to the individual or entity agreeing to these terms.

**Your company** is any legal entity, sole proprietorship, or other
kind of organization that you work for, plus all organizations that
have control over, are under the control of, or are under common
control with that organization. **Control** means ownership of
substantially all the assets of an entity, or the power to direct its
management and policies by vote, contract, or otherwise. Control can be
direct or indirect.

**Your licenses** are all the licenses granted to you for the software
under these terms.

**Use** means anything you do with the software requiring one of your
licenses.

**Trademark** means trademarks, service marks, and similar rights.